.\"Copyright
.\" Copyright
.TH MPI_Ajo_write 1 "1.0" "mpiio"
.SH NAME
\fBMPI_Ajo_write\fP \- Writes a un file starting at the location specified by the individual file pointer (collective).

.SH SYNTAX
.ft R
.nf
C Syntax
    #include <mpi.h>
    int MPI_Ajo_write ( MPI_Comm \fIcomm\fP, int \fImy_rank\fP, const char \fI*filename\fP, int \fIndim_array\fP, 
    int \fInsize_global\fP[], int \fInsize\fP[], int \fIstart_global_array\fP[], MPI_Datatype \fIetype\fP, void \fI*array\fP, 
    MPI_Offset \fIdisp\fP );

.SH INPUT PARAMETERS
.ft R
.TP 1i
comm
Communicator (handle).
.TP 1i
my_rank
Rank of a process within group of comm (integer).
.TP 1i
filename
Name of file to write (character).
.TP 1i
ndim_array
Number of array dimensions (positive integer).
.TP 1i
nsize_global
Number of elements of type \fIetype\fP in each dimension of the full array (array of positive integers).
.TP 1i
nsize
Number of elements of type \fIetype\fP in each dimension of the subarray (array of positive integers).
.TP 1i
start_global_array
Starting coordinates of the subarray in each dimension (array of nonnegative integers).
.TP 1i
etype
Array element data type (handle).
.TP 1i
array
Initial address of buffer (choice).
.TP 1i
disp  
Displacement (integer).


.SH DESCRIPTION
.ft R
MPI_Ajo_write attempts to write in the file 
.I filename
an 
.I ndim_array 
dimensional subarray 
data items having 
.I etype
type into the user's buffer 
.I buf. 

.SH ERRORS
Almost all MPI routines return an error value; C routines as the value of the function.
.sp
Before the error value is returned, the current MPI error handler is
called. For MPI I/O function errors, the default error handler is set to MPI_ERRORS_RETURN. The error handler may be changed with MPI_File_set_errhandler; the predefined error handler MPI_ERRORS_ARE_FATAL may be used to make I/O errors fatal. Note that MPI does not guarantee that an MPI program can continue past an error.  

