.\"Copyright
.\" Copyright
.TH MPI_Ajo_partition 1 "1.0" "mpiio"
.SH NAME
\fBMPI_Ajo_partition\fP \- Gets \fInsize\fP and \fIstart_global_array\fP array for every process (collective).

.SH SYNTAX
.ft R
.nf
C Syntax
    #include <mpi.h>
    int MPI_Ajo_partition ( MPI_Comm \fIcomm\fP, int \fImy_rank\fP, int \fIndim_array\fP, int \fInsize_global\fP[], int \fIpsize\fP[], 
    int \fInsize\fP[], int \fIstart_global_array\fP[] );


.SH INPUT PARAMETERS
.ft R
.TP 1i
comm
Communicator (handle).
.TP 1i
my_rank
Rank of a process within group of comm (integer).
.TP 1i
ndim_array
Number of array dimensions (positive integer).
.TP 1i
nsize_global
Number of elements of type \fIetype\fP in each dimension of the full array (array of positive integers).
.TP 1i
psize
Number of processes for each dimension (positive integer)..
.TP 1i
nsize
.SH OUTPUT PARAMETERS
.ft R
.TP 1i
Number of elements of type \fIetype\fP in each dimension of the subarray (array of positive integers).
.TP 1i
start_global_array
Starting coordinates of the subarray in each dimension (array of nonnegative integers).


.SH DESCRIPTION
.ft R
MPI_Ajo_partition get 
.I nsize
and 
.I start_global_array 
array for every process.

.SH ERRORS
Almost all MPI routines return an error value; C routines as the value of the function.
.sp
Before the error value is returned, the current MPI error handler is
called. For MPI I/O function errors, the default error handler is set to MPI_ERRORS_RETURN. The error handler may be changed with MPI_File_set_errhandler; the predefined error handler MPI_ERRORS_ARE_FATAL may be used to make I/O errors fatal. Note that MPI does not guarantee that an MPI program can continue past an error.  

